All right guys so we have some all primes.
This is something that I've actually had a technical interview question our previous company.
And so I think it's probably a pretty good one.
What we're doing here is we're taking a number and then we want to get the prime values all added up.
So in you know prime number is defined as a number that is only divisible evenly by itself and 1.
And so those are the types of numbers we're trying to add up.
So in our true test cases 10 sooner turn 17 and if we sort of work that out right you know.
Well while we can up we'll make sense of the problem.
I don't want to start doing math on the top of my head.
It'll be a bad example now but essentially preserve prime number.
So we have three and see we have five that's eight.
We have seven that is 12.
And then 10 is not a prime we could work it out actually just with us or see we have one is a prime
number.
So that's one plus two is a prime number so that's two plus five is a try number.
That's a plus 7.
That's 15 million 6 4 1 0 3 3 is a prime number.
There we go 18.
Now what am I doing wrong here.
It's one I guess one doesn't count.
So we start off at two because we don't count one is a prime number.
So we get two plus three plus five plus seven to get 17.
There you go.
So that's essentially prime numbers and we're only talking about positive prime numbers.
But the two methods I'll use your hands I use this push and reduce.
Let's go ahead and jump into it.
All right so the way they did this was I I did a double nested array where I checked to see if our first
value ever equals our our last value.
Meaning that like for number 6.
Our STARTING POINT two and we're working our way up.
If it ever is evenly divisible and if it if it is evenly divisible I broke it at anything if we ever
get the two numbers to meet.
I mean 6 finally equaled six.
That means that it is there five finally equal five.
Let's use actual prime number then.
It is.
It is a prime number because we got better.
So let's start by creating an array and we'll just call this primes and all said initialized it to zero.
And what I eventually want to do here and my primes is I want to take primes and I want to reduce the
value to a single one.
I'm just going to push the value to the array.
What is it.
Why am I.
Why am I reducing this and why instead don't I just create primes total initialize it to zero.
This is a very good question.
I'm looking at code I wrote from like three years ago so I apologize if I'm doing some last minute changes
here but it's all you know life is about refactoring.
So you'll see here that were initialized to two because one doesn't count as a prime number as I have
recently educated in my school about this.
And so we all say we want to iterate up all the way up to our number of this game past five plus plus.
Cool.
And eventually we want to return primes total which will be our value that we're going to be modifying.
Next we want to switch just want to create a value a a two.
While J is less than or equal to I J plus plus.
And the idea here is we're going to iterate until we hit our current number and if they ever match each
other.
All right cool.
Then add the value to primes total.
So we'll start with that and I'll say hey if I is ever exactly equal to J.
Well we want to do here is we want to this.
She really I'd like a TS-Aligner in here for this project.
If I was ever equal to J.
Well we want to do one take primes total plus two equals two or J.
Doesn't really matter.
Accesory primes total
cus I'm French.
Oh that's because we started off as an array.
So now we're going to make it a leg because we're reassigning the value.
Now if that isn't the case with you if I Margiela O.J. is ever equal to zero.
Well we just won't break out of here because we we have found out that that is in fact not a prime number
because that breaks are our situation.
So that's pretty much it.
We create a placeholder very well.
We have a double message value.
Whenever our current value whenever our outer outer loop matches our inner loop we've essentially have
missed all of these.
Which means that they weren't prime numbers and thus go ahead and increment.